Proofreading MO Guide (#11605)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: docs/MO_DG/prepare_model/convert_model/IR_suitable_for_INT8_inference.md

## Introduction

> OpenVINO Runtime CPU and GPU devices can infer models in the low precision. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenVINO Runtime CPU and GPU devices can infer models in low precision. 
```

For more details, refer to the [Model Optimization Guide](@ref openvino_docs_model_optimization_guide).

> Intermediate Representation (IR) should be specifically formed to be suitable for low precision inference. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Intermediate Representation should be specifically formed to be suitable for low precision inference. 
```

> Such an IR is called a Low Precision IR and can be generated in two ways:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Such a model is called a Low Precision IR and can be generated in two ways:
```

> - By [quantize regular IR with the Post-Training Optimization tool](@ref pot_introduction)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- By [quantizing regular IR with the Post-Training Optimization tool](@ref pot_introduction)
```

> - Using the Model Optimizer for a model pretrained for Low Precision inference: TensorFlow pre-TFLite models (`.pb` model file with `FakeQuantize*` operations) and ONNX quantized models.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Using Model Optimizer for a model pre-trained for Low Precision inference: TensorFlow pre-TFLite models (`.pb` model file with `FakeQuantize*` operations) and ONNX quantized models.
```

Both TensorFlow and ONNX quantized models can be prepared by [Neural Network Compression Framework](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/nncf/blob/develop/README.md).

For an operation to be executed in INT8, it must have `FakeQuantize` operations as inputs.
For more details, see the [specification of `FakeQuantize` operation](../../../ops/quantization/FakeQuantize_1.md). 

To execute the `Convolution` operation in INT8 on CPU, both data and weight inputs should have `FakeQuantize` as an input operation:
![](../../img/expanded_int8_Convolution_weights.png)

Low precision IR is also suitable for FP32 and FP16 inference if a chosen plugin supports all operations of the IR. The only difference between a Low Precision IR and FP16 or FP32 IR is the existence of `FakeQuantize` in the Low Precision IR. 

> Plugins with Low Precision Inference support recognize these sub-graphs and quantize them during the inference time. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Plugins that support Low Precision Inference recognize these sub-graphs and quantize them during the inference time. 
```

> These without execute all operations, including `FakeQuantize`, as is in the FP32 or FP16 precision.   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ones that do not, execute all operations, including `FakeQuantize`, as is in the FP32 or FP16 precision.   
```

> Accordingly, the presence of `FakeQuantize` operations in the IR is a recommendation for a plugin on how to quantize particular operations in the model. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Accordingly, presence of `FakeQuantize` operations in an OpenVINO IR suggests to the inference device how to quantize particular operations in the model. 
```

> If capable, the plugin accepts the recommendation and performs Low Precision Inference. Otherwise, plugin ignores the recommendation and executes a model in the floating-point precision. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the device is capable, it accepts the suggestion and performs Low Precision Inference. If not, it executes the model in the floating-point precision. 
```
